packages/react-scripts/fixtures/kitchensink/template/README.md, before:

# Contributing to Create React App's E2E tests

This is an end to end kitchensink test suite, but has multiple usages in it.

## Running the test suite

Tests are automatically run by the CI tools.
In order to run them locally, without having to manually install and configure everything, the `npm run e2e:docker` CLI command can be used.

This is a script that runs a **Docker** container, where the node version, git branch to clone, test suite, and whether to run it with `yarn` or `npm` can be chosen.
Run `npm run e2e:docker --help` to get additional info.

If you need guidance installing **Docker**, you should follow their [official docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

## Writing tests

Each time a new feature is added, it is advised to add at least one test covering it.

Features are categorized by their scope:

- _env_, all those which deal with environment variables (e.g. `NODE_PATH`)

- _syntax_, all those which showcase a single EcmaScript syntax feature that is expected to be transpiled by **SWC**

- _webpack_, all those which make use of webpack settings, loaders or plugins

### Using it as Unit Tests

In it's most basic for this serve as a collection of unit tests on a single functionality.

Unit tests are written in a `src/features/**/*.test.js` file located in the same folder as the feature they test, and usually consist of a `ReactDOM.render` call.

These tests are run by **jest** and the environment is `test`, so that it resembles how a **Create React App** application is tested.

### Using it as Integration Tests

This suite tests how the single features as before behave while development and in production.
A local HTTP server is started, then every single feature is loaded, one by one, to be tested.

Test are written in `integration/{env|syntax|webpack}.test.js`, depending on their scope.

For every test case added there is only a little chore to do:

- a `case` statement must be added in `src/App.js`, which performs a dynamic `import()` of the feature

- add a test case in the appropriate integration test file, which calls and awaits `initDOM` with the previous `SwitchCase` string

A usual flow for the test itself is something similar to:

- add an `id` attribute in a target HTML tag in the feature itself

- since `initDOM` returns a `Document` element, the previous `id` attribute is used to target the feature's DOM and `expect` accordingly

Commit message:

Add babel back and hide swc under flag

packages/react-scripts/fixtures/kitchensink/template/README.md, after:

# Contributing to Create React App's E2E tests

This is an end to end kitchensink test suite, but has multiple usages in it.

## Running the test suite

Tests are automatically run by the CI tools.
In order to run them locally, without having to manually install and configure everything, the `npm run e2e:docker` CLI command can be used.

This is a script that runs a **Docker** container, where the node version, git branch to clone, test suite, and whether to run it with `yarn` or `npm` can be chosen.
Run `npm run e2e:docker --help` to get additional info.

If you need guidance installing **Docker**, you should follow their [official docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

## Writing tests

Each time a new feature is added, it is advised to add at least one test covering it.

Features are categorized by their scope:

- _env_, all those which deal with environment variables (e.g. `NODE_PATH`)

- _syntax_, all those which showcase a single EcmaScript syntax feature that is expected to be transpiled by **Babel** _(or **SWC** if `SWC_TRANSFORM` set to "true")_

- _webpack_, all those which make use of webpack settings, loaders or plugins

### Using it as Unit Tests

In it's most basic for this serve as a collection of unit tests on a single functionality.

Unit tests are written in a `src/features/**/*.test.js` file located in the same folder as the feature they test, and usually consist of a `ReactDOM.render` call.

These tests are run by **jest** and the environment is `test`, so that it resembles how a **Create React App** application is tested.

### Using it as Integration Tests

This suite tests how the single features as before behave while development and in production.
A local HTTP server is started, then every single feature is loaded, one by one, to be tested.

Test are written in `integration/{env|syntax|webpack}.test.js`, depending on their scope.

For every test case added there is only a little chore to do:

- a `case` statement must be added in `src/App.js`, which performs a dynamic `import()` of the feature

- add a test case in the appropriate integration test file, which calls and awaits `initDOM` with the previous `SwitchCase` string

A usual flow for the test itself is something similar to:

- add an `id` attribute in a target HTML tag in the feature itself

- since `initDOM` returns a `Document` element, the previous `id` attribute is used to target the feature's DOM and `expect` accordingly
