docusaurus/docs/proxying-api-requests-in-development.md, before:

---
id: proxying-api-requests-in-development
title: Proxying API Requests in Development
sidebar_label: Proxying in Development
---

> Note: this feature is available with `react-scripts@0.2.3` and higher.

People often serve the front-end React app from the same host and port as their backend implementation.

For example, a production setup might look like this after the app is deployed:

    /             - static server returns index.html with React app
    /todos        - static server returns index.html with React app
    /api/todos    - server handles any /api/* requests using the backend implementation

Such setup is **not** required. However, if you **do** have a setup like this, it is convenient to write requests like `fetch('/api/todos')` without worrying about redirecting them to another host or port during development.

To tell the development server to proxy any unknown requests to your API server in development, add a `proxy` field to your `package.json`, for example:

```json
  "proxy": "http://localhost:4000",
```

This way, when you `fetch('/api/todos')` in development, the development server will recognize that it’s not a static asset, and will proxy your request to `http://localhost:4000/api/todos` as a fallback. The development server will **only** attempt to send requests without `text/html` in its `Accept` header to the proxy.

Conveniently, this avoids [CORS issues](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21854516/understanding-ajax-cors-and-security-considerations) and error messages like this in development:

```
Fetch API cannot load http://localhost:4000/api/todos. No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. Origin 'http://localhost:3000' is therefore not allowed access. If an opaque response serves your needs, set the request's mode to 'no-cors' to fetch the resource with CORS disabled.
```

Keep in mind that `proxy` only has effect in development (with `npm start`), and it is up to you to ensure that URLs like `/api/todos` point to the right thing in production. You don’t have to use the `/api` prefix. Any unrecognized request without a `text/html` accept header will be redirected to the specified `proxy`.

The `proxy` option supports HTTP, HTTPS and WebSocket connections.

If the `proxy` option is **not** flexible enough for you, alternatively you can:

- [Configure the proxy yourself](#configuring-the-proxy-manually)
- Enable CORS on your server ([here’s how to do it for Express](https://enable-cors.org/server_expressjs.html)).
- Use [environment variables](adding-custom-environment-variables.md) to inject the right server host and port into your app.

## "Invalid Host Header" Errors After Configuring Proxy

When you enable the `proxy` option, you opt into a more strict set of host checks. This is necessary because leaving the backend open to remote hosts makes your computer vulnerable to DNS rebinding attacks. The issue is explained in [this article](https://medium.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server-middleware-security-issues-1489d950874a) and [this issue](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/issues/887).

This shouldn’t affect you when developing on `localhost`, but if you develop remotely like [described here](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/issues/2271), you will see this error in the browser after enabling the `proxy` option:

> Invalid Host header

To work around it, you can specify your public development host in a file called `.env.development` in the root of your project:

```
HOST=mypublicdevhost.com
```

If you restart the development server now and load the app from the specified host, it should work.

If you are still having issues or if you’re using a more exotic environment like a cloud editor, you can bypass the host check completely by adding a line to `.env.development.local`. **Note that this is dangerous and exposes your machine to remote code execution from malicious websites:**

```
# NOTE: THIS IS DANGEROUS!
# It exposes your machine to attacks from the websites you visit.
DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK=true
```

We don’t recommend this approach.

## Configuring the Proxy Manually

> Note: this feature is available with `react-scripts@2.0.0` and higher.

If the `proxy` option is **not** flexible enough for you, you can get direct access to the Express app instance and hook up your own proxy middleware.

You can use this feature in conjunction with the `proxy` property in `package.json`, but it is recommended you consolidate all of your logic into `src/setupProxy.js`.

First, install `http-proxy-middleware` using npm or Yarn:

```sh
$ npm install http-proxy-middleware --save
$ # or
$ yarn add http-proxy-middleware
```

Next, create `src/setupProxy.js` and place the following contents in it:

```js
const createProxyMiddleware = require('http-proxy-middleware');

module.exports = function(app) {
  // ...
};
```

You can now register proxies as you wish! Here's an example using the above `http-proxy-middleware`:

```js
const createProxyMiddleware = require('http-proxy-middleware');

module.exports = function(app) {
  app.use(
    '/api',
    createProxyMiddleware({
      target: 'http://localhost:5000',
      changeOrigin: true,
    })
  );
};
```

Another example with multiple proxies:

```js
const createProxyMiddleware = require('http-proxy-middleware');

module.exports = function(app) {
  app.use(
    '/api/v0',
    createProxyMiddleware({
      target: 'http://localhost:5000',
      changeOrigin: true,
    })
  );
  app.use(
    '/api/v1',
    createProxyMiddleware({
      target: 'http://localhost:5001',
      changeOrigin: true,
    })
  );
};
```

> **Note:** You do not need to import this file anywhere. It is automatically registered when you start the development server.

> **Note:** This file only supports Node's JavaScript syntax. Be sure to only use supported language features (i.e. no support for Flow, ES Modules, etc).

> **Note:** Passing the path to the proxy function allows you to use globbing and/or pattern matching on the path, which is more flexible than the express route matching.

Commit message:

Specify that the `proxy` option only accepts a string

docusaurus/docs/proxying-api-requests-in-development.md, after:

---
id: proxying-api-requests-in-development
title: Proxying API Requests in Development
sidebar_label: Proxying in Development
---

> Note: this feature is available with `react-scripts@0.2.3` and higher.

People often serve the front-end React app from the same host and port as their backend implementation.

For example, a production setup might look like this after the app is deployed:

    /             - static server returns index.html with React app
    /todos        - static server returns index.html with React app
    /api/todos    - server handles any /api/* requests using the backend implementation

Such setup is **not** required. However, if you **do** have a setup like this, it is convenient to write requests like `fetch('/api/todos')` without worrying about redirecting them to another host or port during development.

To tell the development server to proxy any unknown requests to your API server in development, add a `proxy` field with a **string** value to your `package.json`, for example:

```json
  "proxy": "http://localhost:4000",
```

This way, when you `fetch('/api/todos')` in development, the development server will recognize that it’s not a static asset, and will proxy your request to `http://localhost:4000/api/todos` as a fallback. The development server will **only** attempt to send requests without `text/html` in its `Accept` header to the proxy.

Conveniently, this avoids [CORS issues](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21854516/understanding-ajax-cors-and-security-considerations) and error messages like this in development:

```
Fetch API cannot load http://localhost:4000/api/todos. No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. Origin 'http://localhost:3000' is therefore not allowed access. If an opaque response serves your needs, set the request's mode to 'no-cors' to fetch the resource with CORS disabled.
```

Keep in mind that `proxy` only has effect in development (with `npm start`), and it is up to you to ensure that URLs like `/api/todos` point to the right thing in production. You don’t have to use the `/api` prefix. Any unrecognized request without a `text/html` accept header will be redirected to the specified `proxy`.

The `proxy` option supports HTTP, HTTPS and WebSocket connections.

If the `proxy` option only accepts a simple string as a value. If this is **not** flexible enough for you, alternatively you can:

- [Configure the proxy yourself](#configuring-the-proxy-manually)
- Enable CORS on your server ([here’s how to do it for Express](https://enable-cors.org/server_expressjs.html)).
- Use [environment variables](adding-custom-environment-variables.md) to inject the right server host and port into your app.

## "Invalid Host Header" Errors After Configuring Proxy

When you enable the `proxy` option, you opt into a more strict set of host checks. This is necessary because leaving the backend open to remote hosts makes your computer vulnerable to DNS rebinding attacks. The issue is explained in [this article](https://medium.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server-middleware-security-issues-1489d950874a) and [this issue](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/issues/887).

This shouldn’t affect you when developing on `localhost`, but if you develop remotely like [described here](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/issues/2271), you will see this error in the browser after enabling the `proxy` option:

> Invalid Host header

To work around it, you can specify your public development host in a file called `.env.development` in the root of your project:

```
HOST=mypublicdevhost.com
```

If you restart the development server now and load the app from the specified host, it should work.

If you are still having issues or if you’re using a more exotic environment like a cloud editor, you can bypass the host check completely by adding a line to `.env.development.local`. **Note that this is dangerous and exposes your machine to remote code execution from malicious websites:**

```
# NOTE: THIS IS DANGEROUS!
# It exposes your machine to attacks from the websites you visit.
DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK=true
```

We don’t recommend this approach.

## Configuring the Proxy Manually

> Note: this feature is available with `react-scripts@2.0.0` and higher.

If the simple string value of the `proxy` option is **not** flexible enough for you, you can get direct access to the Express app instance and hook up your own proxy middleware.

You can use this feature in conjunction with the `proxy` property in `package.json`, but it is recommended you consolidate all of your logic into `src/setupProxy.js`.

First, install `http-proxy-middleware` using npm or Yarn:

```sh
$ npm install http-proxy-middleware --save
$ # or
$ yarn add http-proxy-middleware
```

Next, create `src/setupProxy.js` and place the following contents in it:

```js
const createProxyMiddleware = require('http-proxy-middleware');

module.exports = function(app) {
  // ...
};
```

You can now register proxies as you wish! Here's an example using the above `http-proxy-middleware`:

```js
const createProxyMiddleware = require('http-proxy-middleware');

module.exports = function(app) {
  app.use(
    '/api',
    createProxyMiddleware({
      target: 'http://localhost:5000',
      changeOrigin: true,
    })
  );
};
```

Another example with multiple proxies:

```js
const createProxyMiddleware = require('http-proxy-middleware');

module.exports = function(app) {
  app.use(
    '/api/v0',
    createProxyMiddleware({
      target: 'http://localhost:5000',
      changeOrigin: true,
    })
  );
  app.use(
    '/api/v1',
    createProxyMiddleware({
      target: 'http://localhost:5001',
      changeOrigin: true,
    })
  );
};
```

> **Note:** You do not need to import this file anywhere. It is automatically registered when you start the development server.

> **Note:** This file only supports Node's JavaScript syntax. Be sure to only use supported language features (i.e. no support for Flow, ES Modules, etc).

> **Note:** Passing the path to the proxy function allows you to use globbing and/or pattern matching on the path, which is more flexible than the express route matching.
